at the velodrome your memory also a
remember that you share regularly
with acts and a half at the fair in
particular same age after matches
he remains passionate about the matches of
matches are left but the victory
against milan wayne in the world this is
a whole thing i mean month it wants
that is what I remember what I
remember it's so unthinkable
it's not a year no it's not a bad thing
it's not a story goal and it's in
these six years passed by the yardstick you have
you have you dominate the championship
of France
head and shoulders
it was difficult to recover each
year of questioning themselves and then
to set out to conquer a title
however this is level 6 from here that
lyon this year when i get each
year it was the same with two teams
who were politics and up to 5 6
end days the chauvinous city like
stable
yeah shit excuse the difference with
experience the experience of the big
matches and then we had a big
team so if you did not have them
nobody
we knew we could win differently
and it is that she is confident in you
you did at that moment I'm good
well on collective plan you dominate
blurred and dark and especially individual you
chained five top scorer titles
of the championship it was a challenge to
every beginning of season like everything
it was part of the names
it was a result of a result of the
Marseille season
not because the purpose of the club
were not unemployed scorers
that was why champions after after
the teams when the scorer gets the advantage
cardboard and that it must turn another
scorer goes on and that's what they have
does the months for ten years as the
Milan do it with my stand as the
real 2 was making doves in gueugnon
means that even in the politics of
recruitment of course of course but when
do not you when you do not have this scorer 40 a
problem today that I'm asking them their
today as to malouda who brand
goals do what you want
in a constant tender concern
associate teams in motor homes
a problem it was it was
heavy to bear this responsibility
to have the game so at all to instinct
pau and then play are asked questions
if you want so sure of me that
never able match and the nama rusal and
with that I knew how to evoke team and
also know
therefore it is the insurance of the goods of
tension served play that quietly
because at one point he knew that
I was going to put in the bottom maybe it's
that's finally the difference between
pursuers like burgundy paris except
that I was going to know the deadlines as
monaco paris bordeaux august had when
even teams that
who you are and how tough I was when I called
monaco had or alban coupe de france
is that up to 3.4 g of the end they
are at our basques tallec in enamels and has
like a cape a hotel all around him
a team that was left designing a
level 2 did you have with you clear
towards the frontal and the world when finally
we are talking about moments that if nico was
rather happy if amanda lo it's this
champions league final this
career we're going to have that moments
happy here I will like moments
unhappy yamaha and thankfully for
me it's not funny we're this
lost final against the red star of
belgrade knows it's still a rodez
today it's in a match that you
guess even if I regretted
today what could we
switch
yes it will be theirs is of course that
it remains a regret because we have not
played this final we did not play in
makes a monstrous journey
gather not to do better by
compared to patients on behalf of a
game of Poznan and looks after
won in a draw because behind
go out
of course regrets
he has to raise it is on but good
it will not change much
this match will not play we stayed
quietly they would react the
part and then you also produce food
mentally no they were giving up on
to eat it is played in nothing but in the face
is a paradox is that you lose
this final but behind you on the
personal plan you sure important but this
is not the fact that in the final
it's not like the League of
champions before this golden ball it's
it was difficult it was particular to
the time of receiving such a beautiful
reward especially individually
collectively was beating vote next was
rather maybe unhappy was not
held that these are champions is
it is the team of France and the team of
France this year with all the matches
playoffs the blue natoire for
go to sweden
so it was eight games so we had
two matches of his team 2 match
against Spain in the magnifying glass
relatively difficult to win
all matches and brands and
practically every time I still had
been top scorer champion of France
final of the league of champions so
somewhere that marked the spirits
first on the result the end it takes
to find that it is your most beautiful if me
I think about the climate the lack and it will do
finland the champions in title
is for all seasons